You are reading DBCOLE.MACLIB(README).


                      DAVE COLE'S MACLIB




LEGAL STATEMENT:

These macros are owned by and are copyrighted (c) 1978-2005 by David B.
Cole. All rights are reserved.

These macros are distributed freely and may be reproduced and
redistributed and used without restriction other than:

  - Ownership of these macros shall remain with David B. Cole.

  - This legal statement may not be modified or removed.

  - All copyright and other legal statements located both herein and
    within these macros and their documentation may not be altered or
    removed.

  - Neither these macros, nor any part of these macros, nor any
    modification of or to these macros be sold or otherwise distributed
    for any fee other than that necessary to cover the actual costs of
    media and shipment.

  - These macros may be modified; however, modified versions of these
    macros may not be distributed. Instead, if modifications are to be
    distributed, then they must be structured as patches to or updates
    to the original macros and distributed as entities separate from
    the original macros.

These macros are distributed without warranty of any kind, including
(without limitation) warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose. It is up to the user to make his own determination
of the usefulness and safety of these macros in his own system.

The user agrees not to hold either David B. Cole or Cole Software, LLC
or any person affiliated with Cole Software, LLC (collectively "COLE")
liable for any injury or damage whatsoever arising from these macros,
including, without limitation, loss of revenue, loss of profits, death,
or other direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential
damages, even if COLE has been advised of the possibility of such
damages, except to the extent that non-waivable law, if any, provides
otherwise.

Further, the user agrees to indemnify COLE against third parties for
any action arising from the user's use, misuse, modification, and/or
redistribution of these macros.

This license is governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia,
U.S.A., without reference to its choice of law rules.

This statement was written by and for David B. Cole of Afton Virginia
USA on August 10, 2005.

In the event that legal statements within these macros conflict with
this statement, this statement, being newer, shall prevail.

Contact information as of August 2005 is:

    Name:                David B. Cole
    Country:             USA
    Telephone:           540-456-8536
    FAX:                 540-456-6658
    E-mail:              dbcole@colesoft.com
    Website:             www.colesoft.com

    Snail Mail:          Cole Software
                         736 Fox Hollow Road
                         Afton, VA 22920
                         USA



FUNCTIONAL SUMMARY

These macros provide several useful services that may be of interest to
end users. Also, they are used by me in other programs that I may
distributed, and so they are required for the successful assembly of
those programs.



THE INSTALLATION OF THE MACROS

 1.) Copy these macros to a library named DBCOLE.MACLIB. (All sample
     JCL that I distribute will assume this name.)



